[THEME MUSIC]
>>EMERY SMITH: My
name is Emery Smith.
ET misidentification
is not only a thing,
but it happens more
times than not.
Most of the time, the
public remains unaware.
However, there are rare
instances where these events
have been witnessed.
These witnesses believe
they have really
seen an extraterrestrial craft
or some mythical creature,
but were actually witnessing
something we had created.
In this episode, I'm going
to explore ET sightings
and possible mutations
caused by us,
reverse engineering
specimens and/or craft,
with a good friend of
mine, Randy Veitenheimer.
Randy, thanks for being
on the show with me today.
>>RANDY VEITENHEIMER: It's
great to see you again, Emery.
>>SMITH: The first question
that I want to get off
is, what do you think
about these creatures
that people report, such as
Sasquatches and chupacabras,
like, are these
misidentified ETs,
or are they some
sort of mutation?
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Actually, they don't
have to be either one of those.
They could just be a
naturally occurring event,
so that we don't have to
ascribe, or assign, causality
to either one.
The idea that there
could be present entities
or physical forms from
places other than this Earth,
through means that are
not clearly understood,
is definitely a potential.
On the other side of it, we have
naturally occurring phenomena.
We have deviations.
They show up all the time.
They're showing up off our
coasts because of Fukushima.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And--
>>SMITH: Yeah, Fukushima.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --like we
had talked about earlier,
atomic interactions, atomic
particle interactions,
can create deviation,
mutation in human form
or in any life form.
Some things are more susceptible
to it, plants and lower life
forms.
And as you work your
way up, it requires
an increasing amount of density,
or information, or energy.
So I think we have all
three things going on.
>>SMITH: What are some of
those examples you could maybe
share with us?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Bigfoot.
That's a great one.
The idea that there's some
existence of a group of things,
or people, or animal forms
that if they existed longer
than the last ice age
would be probable.
And then if we allow for that,
then why aren't there others?
We know there are
surviving bacteria or fish
from earlier eons.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
so the idea that there
would be more, but also
remember that there's
more and more humans.
There's more chance of contact.
There's more chance
of interaction
then there might
have been when there
was very few people, either on
the planet or in the country.
So we have all three potentials.
And if we allow
for the particle,
the physical interactions
that would create or change
mutations, now we also
have the energetic.
We have the wave forms.
We have cosmic waves,
energetic waves, EMF pulses,
all kinds of things
that can affect change.
One of the greatest things that
came out in recent research
is the idea of epigenetic
changes, the idea that you
could actually modify your
genes, your own gene structure,
and pass it on because
of traumatic events,
or ongoing deprivation, or heavy
pressure from emotional events,
psychic events.
So we are mutable.
And the mutations
that occur, of course,
could be infinite,
depending on the sources
of the vectors of
information and energy
that came into play that
produced the changes.
They happen for every
individual on Earth.
We are unique compared to
the next one down the line,
the next one born.
So mutation's going
on all the time.
And if you look at just the
range of humans in height
or in weight, we do
have some limits because
of the gravity on the planet.
And but maybe those limits don't
apply everywhere all the time.
And so now, we get
into anomalies.
>>SMITH: Right.
Right.
We are one of the
most adaptable species
in the universe by changing
every year and every decade.
And every lineage is
changing and mixing.
And also, the effects
of EMF and radiation.
We're actually getting stronger,
and stronger, and stronger,
and our bodies are changing.
And this is also
happening, I think,
across the planet with animals,
and the fishes of the seas,
and things like this.
How do you think this
is misleading people,
these mutated things
that wash up on shore
or they see something running
through an old mine shaft that
used to be full of uranium?
>>VEITENHEIMER: I've
kind of looked at that.
Anybody who's
lived in New Mexico
or around the Navajo
reservation in Arizona,
you'll see all these mines
with these mine tailings.
And it was the mining
for uranium in the '50s.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And that
ebb and flow and a lot
of them got abandoned,
most of them.
And, of course, now, we get
contamination and the spreading
of that material.
The problem becomes is
in a aggregate form,
it's not particularly
concentrated.
But once you start mining it,
it becomes more concentrated.
And now, you have these
mines, or caves, like I say,
you can drive down
I-40 and see them.
And then you have the
natural choice of animals,
birds, different things, to
maybe inhabit these spaces.
And the spaces
they're inhabiting
are now have a different
radiological content than, say,
just the open spaces
they normally inhabited.
And then we go to
epigenetic change.
We go to the fact that you
could create a population that
was experiencing rapid
evolutionary growth,
not necessarily in the concept
that it would be beneficial,
but you could actually
start seeing deviations
in form and behavior.
And so then we could
account for the myths
of the Bigfoot, and chupacabra,
and things like that.
>>SMITH: Branching off from
that from history, even--
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
>>SMITH: --with Native
American Indian culture.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And when you see these
things, the natural reaction
is if you do not have
a reference set that
allows you to examine that
entity, or that animal,
or whatever you're
looking at, then
you're going to throw it into
myth being the easiest way.
And so there's a
collective conscience
of myth about animals, and
spirits, and spirit animals,
and vice versa.
And then the secondary
thing would be
to attribute it to some other--
>>SMITH: Some other event.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --culture,
some other event, some other--
>>SMITH: What
events has humanity
created that actually
could have damaged
the planet in different ways
for these mutations to happen?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
There's been a lot
of events, I think,
that have been
under-reported, let's say.
At one point, the
Mediterranean, back in the '60s,
they figured out was dead,
or dying, because of all
the chemical inputs.
And, of course, and
even in this country,
the Chicago River or
whatever caught on fire
and we finally woke up and
created the EPA as somebody
to pay attention to it.
But you can have
localized where people
discover a new plant
or something that
has psychoactive properties.
Go to France in the 1600-1700s
with the yeast or whatever was
producing the bread--
>>SMITH: Oh, right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --and
made everybody crazy.
Only CIA calls it LSD.
So there's been
localized events.
But as far as humanity
creating events,
until we entered the
chemical nuclear age,
they were pretty localized.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: But it
gets into the concept,
too, throughout history
and myth about the idea
that a group of people could
gather together and influence
the physical environment.
>>SMITH: Right.
How are they
contributing to that?
>>VEITENHEIMER: It
gets into intent.
It gets into ritual.
It gets into obviously,
the negativity
is what we see
surrounds all that
because the destructive force
is very capable, we would say.
>>SMITH: Right.
There's always an intention
behind the entire thing
to destroy this area or this
group of people, let's say.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: Create genocide
because of a mutation.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Yeah, the insanity
of acquiring other
people's territory
is that you're going to die.
It's not going--
>>SMITH: I want what
you have, Randy.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --to
be long due forever.
>>SMITH: I want your watch.
It's better than mine.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And then, it's only temporary.
So the idea that somebody
else's is better,
it's like that we would go to
the creative energy where we
would say, it's better to
improve where you're at than
to go find somebody else's.
>>SMITH: Right.
What about UFOs,
extraterrestrials,
things like this
where we go to sites
and these ancient
craft made of--
and because of the
different types
of radiation measured
there and things like that,
it didn't destroy
the flora and fauna.
It didn't modify it.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: And are you aware of
any places like that around
on planet Earth that you
could talk about that's
not too classified?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, recently,
they talked about, in Brazil,
where they have
revived, or propagated,
what they considered to be
extraterrestrial plants.
And we know that pollen
type things exist in space
and that they have the
ability to transverse space.
And, of course, it's
fine in an environment.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: We think of
all this in physical terms.
Once you go beyond
physical terms,
then the potential for travel,
the potential for interactions,
I call them trans-dimensional
interactions,
trans-spatial interactions,
there's a lot of language we
could use for it, but the
experiences all tend to have
to be related back through our
own language, or our own myths,
or our own--
>>SMITH: Our own science.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --education,
our own science.
And using our science to try to
understand another science just
doesn't work.
>>SMITH: Does not work.
>>VEITENHEIMER: I admire
everybody's efforts,
but it really would
require an open mind.
It would require an
imaginative mind.
And it would require a mind
that is open to the idea
that there is another way of
looking at things, that there's
another existence beyond the
physical reality we're used to.
And we have all kinds of
references throughout history.
Why did they build the pyramids?
What was the purpose?
>>SMITH: The biggest question
we get asked all the time.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
And if they were just trying
to create a sculpture garden,
it's like, well, they
did a pretty good job.
But if they weren't just
creating a sculpture garden,
you have to ask yourself that
there was some sort of purpose,
some sort of intent, and that
action was to produce a result.
And nobody's ever answered that.
But what if we use that energy?
We know it modifies human form.
We know it modifies plant form.
Outside of Moscow,
you can find all kinds
of fiberglass pyramids
on the research they did.
It's just that we
thought that was too
woo-woo to do pyramid research.
And yet, their effects on
plants, razor blades, people
is well-documented in Russia.
They take it for granted.
So we don't even have
to go off-planet to find
that there's other ways
of looking at things.
There's other experiences,
other ways of talking about it.
And especially, other
ways of observing it.
Because we tend to view all
UFO and ET interactions,
they're all photonic.
I have to see a picture.
I'd like to see a--
>>SMITH: A wavelength.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
--energy spectrum.
Exactly.
>>SMITH: That has to
do with wavelengths.
>>VEITENHEIMER: I'd to see
all kinds of data that is not
exactly photonic in nature.
>>SMITH: A picture doesn't--
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: --do justice--
>>SMITH: --as far as
the science theory.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
And particularly now.
>>SMITH: Have you
ever seen, or heard,
about witnesses at these
areas of maybe crash sites
or contaminated areas that
they are saying they've seen
extraterrestrials or they
were saying they've seen a--
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
Yes.
The thing about it, in
Santa Fe one evening,
I met the son of the
rancher on whose land
the '47 crash occurred.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
not mention his name.
>>SMITH: Yeah, I remember
you telling me this.
Yeah.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yeah.
But after a few
drinks, he proceeded
to relate what had occurred
to him and his family.
And it is anecdotal information.
You can't verify, right?
But given the circumstances,
and the emotive content,
and I read people,
I would say he
was telling the truth
about being a child
and people threatened
them with guns
if they ever talked about
this out in the open.
>>SMITH: Oh, for sure.
>>VEITENHEIMER: So now, did
they have a real experience?
Well, it was real
enough for them
to experience all
the emotions and all
the intellectual outcomes and
extensions of that experience.
So is that real?
Well, it's certainly
real enough to be
able to create another craft
once you've seen it, right?
It's real enough for
Tesla, in his dreams,
to see a complete AC motor.
And wake up, draw the diagrams--
>>SMITH: That's it.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
--and go build it.
So where was his information?
We could call it ET information.
We could call it
other universes.
other dimensions.
But we know it's there.
And people's insistence on
disallowing, or disavowing,
that information based on the
fact that they didn't see it
is just kind of ridiculous.
And it just
represents a paradigm
that doesn't want to
let go of the old--
>>SMITH: Of the old--
>>VEITENHEIMER: --ways, the--
>>SMITH: Right.
The old ways.
>>VEITENHEIMER: --old ideas.
They're happy with
the reality we had.
>>SMITH: It's easier to deal
with just day-to-day belief
system of science.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
Yeah, one of the things
is resistance to change.
We measure resistance
in electrical motors.
We should measure
it in consciousness.
Because the distance
between being
able to acquire new
technology, or to be
able to express it, and
create it, bring it into form,
is much greater the greater
your resistance is to the idea.
So if you look around, 1961,
I'm looking up in the skies
and I see a UFO.
I always think of them as not
unidentified flying objects,
but unacknowledged.
Somebody knows who they are.
>>SMITH: Right.
Someone knows what's going on.
>>VEITENHEIMER: They're
just not telling.
And what was interesting
about that is,
this thing's clear in 40 degrees
of arc in, like, five seconds.
And it's like,
you can't do that.
There was nothing
available at that time.
Interesting, years later,
somebody said-- and remember,
you didn't talk about
these things-- and somebody
said something, I said, well,
I saw a UFO when I was young.
And my mother, who was with me
at the time, pops out and says,
I saw it too.
And it shocked me that she
would admit to it because that's
the paradigm that those people
who were raised prior to,
let's say, 1960, that their
paradigm didn't include that.
And our paradigm, of course,
is being conditioned.
I call it algorithmic
induction programming.
And it's done through the books,
all the science fiction books.
It's done through "Star Trek."
It's done through "Star Wars."
And all of that,
to younger people,
is that they don't deny
the potential for there
to be UFOs, or aliens, or
anything else out there.
>>SMITH: It's
acceptable, in a way.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
>>SMITH: And it's
presented that way.
>>VEITENHEIMER: It's
not fearful to them.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
That's the big thing.
But it is fearful
to our scientists.
It is fearful to
the old paradigms.
We're operating off
130-year-old physics.
>>SMITH: Well, yeah.
And also, that leads back to
the legendary folklore of stuff
that is in ancient scriptures.
Do you know anything about this,
or even today's urban legends,
I think, have actually come
from ancient Egypt and before.
>>VEITENHEIMER: If you want
to go to urban legends--
>>SMITH: To stay
away from the rivers.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Well, and stay
away from Dulce, New Mexico.
>>SMITH: Yeah.
>>VEITENHEIMER: You don't
want to go there after dark.
But there's a lot
of other areas, too,
and they enter into myth.
And the myth is always
based on fear, to not
go there, to not be there.
And one of the
things that happens
is, if we have pictures, which
we have sculpture and pictures
of hybrids, of Camaros, of
all these different entities,
and we have statues
all over the world.
And to me, it's wrong to think
that they're all symbolic.
It's like, why can't you and
your consciousness accept
that there may have been
these type of creatures?
>>SMITH: Right.
There was a possibility
of this happening.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Right.
There may have been
giants in the Earth.
And if there were, great.
And if you want to spend
time to explore it,
there's a lot of
information out there.
So we don't have to be locked
into the old paradigms.
One of the first things is
you have to create space.
You have to create space
in your mind, space
in your imagination,
to be inclusive of what
the future is going to bring.
>>SMITH: Randy, while I was
working in some of the projects
out in the oceans, they were
doing a lot of hybridization
of all sorts of things.
And there was,
many times, things
escaped from these
lab facilities
that were in the
water, in the oceans--
>>VEITENHEIMER:
Under water, yeah.
>>SMITH: --and never
recovered, by the way.
Are you aware of anything
like that or facilities
that have had these
hybrids get away or escape?
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
One of the things
I'd like to introduce
is the variety of
life as it exists.
We think only on
surface level and above.
We're very knowledgeable about
surface level biological life
forms and aerials, right?
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER:
But when it comes
to underwater, if you
look at the films,
the data that's available,
like creatures in the Mariana
Trench, you don't have to
go off-world to find ET.
>>SMITH: That's right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: You
can find plenty.
And we consider it
basically unexplored,
as far as the
depths of the ocean,
and the inventory of life
that exists through that.
I love the popular
films they come up
with that there's
underwater mermaids.
There's no telling, through
history, if any of these things
have existed.
And part of the reason is
of cataclysmic change that
has occurred on the
Earth at various times
throughout history,
and its propensity
to destroy entire ecosystems.
And the problem with that
is, what if there's, like,
remnants?
What if there's
some residual place
where maybe some of that
biology still exists?
And we know that, too,
because in Australia, maybe 20
years ago, they discovered a
fern or something that they
thought was totally extinct.
And yet, here it is from
20 or 200 million years ago
and it's thriving in
this little ecosystem.
So we do have anomalies
and we have them
in the physical world.
And if you can allow for them
to be in the physical world,
then you have to allow that
they had some form of existence
in the non-physical,
in the realm
of infinite consciousness,
or the collective universe,
and the knowledge
that's available in it.
And we are no ways cognizant
of the total amount
of knowledge in the universe.
What we see on the Earth
is just the outcome,
they're all outcomes, of various
vectors, and information,
and energy flows,
various material
that gets incorporated
into some form.
It's a miracle in a human.
Why wouldn't it be a miracle
in any other life form?
And who says they can't have
wings or they can't have fins?
We have gill slits when
we're three months old.
That shows an
evolutionary change
that didn't carry through.
Occasionally, you'll see
a birth of a baby that
has gill slits on the
side of their throat.
It's like, this
is all indicative
that there is a wide range
of physicality and reality
that we have no clue about.
And also required is that we
be open to the exploration.
>>SMITH: How can people
tell what is real
and what's paranormal?
And how would you
describe paranormal
compared to being tricked by
a 3D representation of a ghost
or something?
>>VEITENHEIMER: There is
no reality but reality.
We'll start with
that one All reality,
as far as most people are
concerned, is physical reality.
That physical reality is being
interpreted by a set of senses.
And just like we
would use instruments
to detect that which is
non-sensible or non-sensitively
acquired through human
senses, in other words,
we could have enhanced ability
to record electronic emissions
or radiation, there's
all kinds of more things
out there besides just
hard physical reality.
So in dream states, you
take your senses with you.
They kind of abandon the body.
And those senses are
able to bi-locate.
They're able to travel around
and find out information.
But where they're traveling
has no physicality.
But as far as your senses
are concerned, they do.
When you see the
monster, you're scared.
If you want a
technological explanation,
you would watch "Monsters Inc."
because it gives
the best explanation
of what we're talking about.
So if we go from the
paranormal, which
exists in that area of senses
being able to interpret,
but having no physicality,
even at the limits
of its physicality
is a plasma state.
And again, if you
want to know what
that is watch
"Ghostbusters," OK?
So these kind of movies,
in a humorous form,
actually hint that maybe
an explanation of things
that we would otherwise not be
able to acquire unless we went
into in-depth physics, and
chemistry, and everything
in our sciences.
So I like them as sort
of a intro, the idea
that you could take
that information
and start exploring it.
And then the man-made
projections and things,
they require technology.
So we would say that there
is a technological smell.
There's a technological feeling.
There's a--
>>SMITH: There's
something just not
right about this aircraft
flying into this mountain.
Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Yes.
Because if it has
a hard physicality,
you can go touch it.
If it exists in the paranormal,
or in the imagination,
or dream states, it really
can't have any physicality.
It can approach
physicality like, say,
at the limit of a plasma state.
But when you get
into the in-between,
the technological
projections and stuff,
they have a
technological signature.
They can never duplicate
reality exactly,
I don't care what they say,
because they can't duplicate
photon density, and information
density, and energy density all
at the same time.
You can get close.
But at some level,
it becomes Memorex.
It becomes a recording.
And, of course, that's what
you see in our movies and stuff
today.
They are projected
scientifically, technically,
to be able to cause
you to believe.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And
the thing about reality
is, you don't have
to believe in it.
The other things require
that portion of myth
and the human mind, reserved
for myth and the human mind,
and reserved for
fears, and reserved
for all kinds of
imaginative interactions.
So there's a difference
between the three.
>>SMITH: Right.
And they could probably
use this technology, too,
to discombobulate and
manipulate people as well.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Oh, yes.
If you go to a movie,
what you've seen
is real from a photonic aspect.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: You
have the memory of it.
You have sight, sound.
But really, you only
have sight and sound,
you don't have touch.
So anything you see on a video
screen doesn't include touch.
I know we have touch
screens, but that's just
an electromagnetic grounding.
So when they come
up with it, you
can touch it, and this,
that, and the other.
Now, you've hit a high
degree of projectability
of ideas and consciousness.
But you also enter into the
realm of translation physics
where you can actually translate
information into a solid form
and turn around and have
that as something that's
able to engage all the senses.
>>SMITH: Right.
>>VEITENHEIMER: And it's
not out of the realm
to think that if there
are advanced civilizations
in the universe that they would
be capable of these things
because it's our next
level of physics.
>>SMITH: Randy, that was great.
Thanks for coming on the show.
And we'll see you next time.
>>VEITENHEIMER: Glad to be here.
>>SMITH: That was an
interesting conversation
with Randy on some of
the ways the public may
be misidentifying bizarre
sightings and the true agenda
and identity behind them.
Hope to see you on
the next episode.
I'm your host, Emery Smith.
And remember, stay vigilant.
[THEME MUSIC]